The following encased in {} are discord summaries of DPS Missions. They do not include images.
{
OPERATION BLOCKADE-COMPLETED:richpepe: 

After months of brain-inducing cancer of placing 4.1 million obby for the wall. With 2.3 million coming from my side. I finally have the pleasure to say that the operation is finally complete. This is by far the LARGEST COMMUNITY PROJECT on 8b right now, record-breaking ik. You have no idea the amount days that went by, on my own, placing down obby for the wall just for the hope of one day seeing it completed.

 I must thank the 70+ members of DPS and the random kind strangers who helped contribute to the wall. I can't express how fucking happy I am to see the wall completed in renders done by @bigrat.monster. 

Attached below is a render of spawn with the wall, as well as a list of all the members who helped in the operation. Thank you all.

DPS aeternum.
OPERATION ENDER WATER JIHAD COMPLETED :richpepe: 

After a tiny hiatus, DPS is back BABYYYYY! This time with more autism and more tomfoolery repacked in. And with that...introducing our latest completion of our project Operation Ender Water Jihad where we flooded the 1000x1000 block radius of end spawn for the shits and giggles :saulsmile: 

With the project only lasting 7 days, we managed to clap griefers, retards and autistic lads trying to prevent us from doing this astonishingly autistic achievement. 255 MILLION WATER SOURCE BLOCKS CREATED, over 1 MILLION obsidian placed and another 500K obsidian mined. THIS IS BY FAR, BY FUCKING FAR, THE LARGEST PROJECT ON 8B8T.

To all who participated, a BIG THANK YOU to yall. Without the countless hours in vc, placing, mining, rendering and a countless other things, it wouldn't have been possible without yall. 

Special thanks to @Deleted User for heading the project, @Pigy, @888o and @Tobias 
for no-lifing the fuck out the project and CARRYING and spending countless hours on the project. And @bigrat.monster for the render.

Without further due, cheers Operation Ender Water Jihad 2024, and remember...

DPS aeternum:richpepe:  
:DPS:OPERATION OVERFLOW HAS BEEN COMPLETED!!!:DPS: 

@everyone 
Over the past exactly one year, DPS members worked on the largest watercube to be ever built on ANY anarchy server ever. Surpassing the watercubes built on 2b2t and 6b6t. It has been a long time coming and as such, credits should be passed to the lads who made this absolute BEHEMOTH of a operation become into a reality:

Led, handled and designed by @Kurtz  (KurtzMC), the absolute chad he is for this and past projects too, massive thanks to him. Special thanks to the boys who broke their pixel backs and minds for this project @Pigy  (PIGY), @Tobias  (Tobias) and @Vles (Vlesmentie), this project would be unfinished, if not for you lads, lots of love and thanks to ya'll. TY to @Ag3ntGT for creating  DPS's official artwork and ofcourse, thank you to all the 45 members of OOF for your contributions, no matter how small, it mattered to every single block removed/placed, love ya'll <3 

:saulsmile: Fun Facts Regarding Operation Overflow::saulsmile: 

• 1600 million blocks of water source blocks CREATED = 1,600,000,000 wsb's
• 400+ million blocks removed = 400,000,000 
• 3+ million obsidian blocks removed 
• 45 volunteers 
• 12 months in the making , finished exactly ONE YEAR after Ender Water Jihad on April 13th 2025
• 4 times larger in area and 5+ times larger in volume compared to End Water Cube of ours 
• LARGEST water cube EVER built at spawn of any anarchy server, bigger than 2b's and 6b's (mogged them)
• 75 MILLION items duped for operation purposes
• 4.2 MILLION obsidian floor printed in just 3 days

So, that's all boys, been a crazy year so lets have a bit of a break shall we? (or not)

DPS Aeternum.

Link:
https://youtu.be/57riR8LmMfs 
:richpepe:  OPERATION HELLSTORM HAS BEEN ACHIEVED!!!:richpepe: 

As another day passes, another DPS project has been completed, & it's video has been published and released for all to see. Nether has been flooded at last. :saulsmile: 

Operation Hellstorm was a massive UNPRECEDENTED technical project to have EVER BEEN DONE in the history of block game. No anarchy, technical, or plain survival community or player had ever spawned such a water behemoth in the nether in Minecraft, UNTIL NOW. A massive operation, lasting a mere 5 days, from 10th - 15th July 2025. And technical preparations performed in the greater spawn area, from Dec 2024 to Jan 2025. Resulting in DPS being the first ever minecraft group to have ever flooded ALL 3 DIMENSIONS IN MINECRAFT.

Thank you to all 29 volunteers of the project, your work, sacrifice and undying resilience to commit autism, shan't be forgotten. Special thanks to KurtzMC for spear-heading the operation, Tobias for his technical autism, Vlesmentie for preparedness and securing the operation, Pigy and 888o for their non-stop commitment for the grind since the start, and finally KMSA for carrying the cleanup section of the operation. Without undying support of you lads and volunteers, this project wouldn't be possible. Thank you & love you lads ❤️ 
:saulsmile: Fun Facts About Operation Hellstorm::saulsmile: 
• Made possible by TheTroll2001 unknowingly, by world-editing water in 20k nether (August 2024) for shits and giggles.
• DPS members heard rumours regarding nether water around September 2024 and found it in December, learnt to manipulate it, and created multiple safe backups closer to 00.
• Project per se took 5 days, from 10th-15th July 2025.
• Project led by Kurtz, with 29 volunteers.
• 300k obsidian blocks mined in a single day.
• 1 million obsidian blocks printed in a mere 12 hours.
• 120 million water blocks generated.
• Given the nature of the project, which was an absurd joke and a proof of concept more than anything, we printed a joke floor.
• FIRST EVER nether water cube created in anarchy WITHOUT direct admin intervention.
• DPS is the first ever team in all history of Minecraft anarchy to flood all 3 dimensions.
• All DPS fanboys who attempted to prevent the project were dodged, damage repaired and exiled to Larpland.
@everyone 
WATCH THE VIDEO NOW, LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j658fbOLdL0
:richpepe: NEW DPS ACHIEVEMENT LADS :richpepe:
 
As of Sunday 26th of October 2025, DPS just BROKE A NEW RECORD in this autistic Minecraft server, through unprecedented and autistic effort, we have managed to create 8b8t's largest mapart abomination to date, Overflow's floor mapart in a 1:1 scale. With it being comprised of 4.2+ MILLION blocks.

Thank you to all volunteers, DPS  as a whole thanks you for this milestone and achievement, we wouldn't have made it thus far without yall <3 

Map Volunteers:
Kurtz - @Kurtz 
Vlesmentie - @Vles 
Laggingnoob - @Laggingnoob 
Tobias - @Tobias 
Windows - @Windows 

Funnily enough, the previous record was also held by us, with the previous largest mapart having been made by @Tobias, "Jack Skellington" (70 maps).  Truly a magnificent piece.

and always remember... :saulsmile: DPS Aeternum:saulsmile: .:richpepe: PROJECT ALERT PROJECT ALERT!!!:richpepe: 

:NANI: Project Immortality Field :NANI: 
 In late 2024, amidst Operation Overflow, DPS members squeezed their brains in search for the most efficient ways of removing blocks en masse, and thus, Project Immortality Field was born. Based on an illegal status effect bypass which implied creepers and splash potions, DPS member Vlesmentie came up with a better way of performing this bypass: storing splash potions in stasis chambers. Soon, Kurtz built a functional design for a massive stash of potions, so we could attain immortality any time we wanted to, to enslave withers to remove obsidian at spawn.

Creating the field in safe coords took only two weeks, and the project served its great purpose during almost 6 months.

Other players like MrDarkEye and Kozy reverse-engineered our bypass, but we're the first ones to use and abuse it. Once Overflow was done, the massive stash of stasis chambers was emptied and all the modules were unloaded, so that it didn't fall on ill-intended hands. Now, all the exploits that made it possible have been thoroughly patched with no chance at bypassing, and thus, we are making this public knowledge for the flex and giggles :richpepe:

Nerd stats
The field had 5760 modules.
The build process was completed in less than two weeks, in December 2024.
The structure was comprised by 400,000+ blocks, most of them glass, and was litematica-printed for max efficiency.
It remained operational for close to 6 months.
Mostly used for resistance potions (immortality, hence the name), but also haste 255 & speed 255 potions.

Credits:
Vlesmentie- core concept
Kurtz- structural design and build lead
KMSA- building
Focoloa- building
L1derrfrog- building
Laggingnoob- maintenance and refilling

and always remember...DPS Aeternum 
@everyone@everyone 

:saulsmile: DPS EVENT INCOMING LADS :saulsmile: 

Over the past few weeks, our fellow poets and I have been building an event base for the new year of 2026. So, it's our pleasure to announce Grief-Con 4, in partnership with our fellow Poets of DPS.

:NANI: What is Grief-Con?:NANI: 
Is a question you might ask, well it's a rare DPS event held every few months to commemorate the tradition of letting the co-existence of builders and griefers within our group, into an event where both types of lads have fun. It's an event where a base is built for the purpose of committing tomfoolery and autism, and once that's done, it's griefed.

:richpepe: When is Grief-Con 4 Being Hosted?:richpepe: 

Grief-Con 4 will be held on Sunday, 4 January 2026 03:00 AM. So get your TNT and lighters ready, make time on the 3rd of Jan to participate and create history and be a part of our legacy on 8b8t. Participation is OPEN FOR EVERYONE including non-members. So feel free to tp random lads, we don't care. The more, the merrier.

So lads, let's get the hype going and the autism flowing. Join us at DPS's Grief-Con 4!!! :DPS: 

And as always...
:DPS: DPS Aeternum. :DPS:@everyone 

It's with tremendous honour we announce the departing of @Josh from Co-owner of DPS.

He's a lad I've known ever since i was a kid back in school. We grew up together, played together, did everything together. Even anarchy too. We created DPS together as a side-project whilst in school, and we both are glad of how it's surpassed our expectations every single year. The sheer amount of support and camaraderie we've received from our Poets is something that we can't even fathomed of happening, yet here we are.

But that ain't the end of Josh, he's still here, but just doing Constantiam with me, starting fresh and building the potential roots of DPS on Const. If you have any special messages to send his way, feel free to.

HOWEVER...

It's with also great honour we introduce our new Co-Autist of DPS......KurtzMC. He's a lad that propelled DPS into heights never seen before, even through segments oof my own inactivity, HE WAS THERE, KURTZ WAS ALWAYS THERE. And no one else is more deserving of this role in DPS besides him. So please, congratulate him in general, make him feel welcomed into his new post on DPS. Give him the love and appreciation for the braincells he's sacrificed for this group. 

@Kurtz CONGRATULATIONS CONGRATULATIONS, WELL GOING OUR OPERATION, AGAINST THE OCCUPATION :jihadi: :richpepe:@everyone 

:richpepe: PROJECT ALERT PROJECT ALERT:richpepe: 

Another day rises & another DPS Project completed. Introducing Operation Voyager:

On January 24th 2025, @Vles proposed a vision: a grid of nether homes to make server-wide teleportation a reality. Today April 13th 2026, after five months of intensive labor & technical debugging, Voyager V1 is officially live.

Thank you to all 18 volunteers of the project, their unwavering sacrifice is what led to it's fruition into reality. Notable mentions to @Vles  for project idea, @_aksn  for coding the system, @Kurtz  for project coordination & @Tobias  for technical support, & very big thank you to @Rucosa, 14mate & Kurtz, for carrying the grind process over the course of the months, & last but not least, @Ag3ntGT for his outstanding pieces of art & dedication, all while dealing with a life threatening health condition ❤️

:saulsmile: Fun Facts About Operation Voyager::saulsmile: 
• Project idea by Vlesmentie, expanded & adapted by Kurtz
• Project started on Sept 10th 2025, & finished on Feb 17th 2026
• Project led by Kurtz, with 18 volunteers
• Server increased it's file size by 5 TBs in total, & required multiple chunk cullings
• Grand total of 165+ MILLION nether blocks travelled
• Transfer system coded by _aksn, over multiple weeks
• First ever server wide teleportation system on 8b8t, & one of the first systems of its kind in Minecraft anarchy

System is online 24/7 & all DPS members, no matter the rank, will be able to travel the entire server in seconds, whenever & wherever. DPS obtained an UNQUESTIONABLE SUPREMACY in the field of travel on 8b8t, and we will be able to show up to any leaked or desired coordinates in one breath.

Until next time,
DPS Aternum.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyfz-b_Em8E


}
